<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="yes" ?>
<rss version="2.0" xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <channel>
    <title>Minutes on Open Force Field Initiative</title>
    <link>//openforcefield.org/categories/minutes/</link>
    <description>Recent content in Minutes on Open Force Field Initiative</description>
    <generator>Hugo -- gohugo.io</generator>
    <language>en-us</language>
    <lastBuildDate>Thu, 11 Oct 2018 00:00:00 +0000</lastBuildDate>
    
	<atom:link href="//openforcefield.org/categories/minutes/index.xml" rel="self" type="application/rss+xml" />
    
    
    <item>
      <title>October 11, 2018 Governing Board Meetings and notes</title>
      <link>//openforcefield.org/consortium/minutes/2018-10-11-minutes/</link>
      <pubDate>Thu, 11 Oct 2018 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>//openforcefield.org/consortium/minutes/2018-10-11-minutes/</guid>
      <description>Agenda:  October meeting draft agenda and start time January meeting location Maat hiring Slack Funding processing update/onboarding update Involvement with science meetings (subprojects) and project planning Discuss blog posts? Yes, just get sub-groups to do brief updates after meetings; better for keeping people up to date.  Minutes: Attending: All PIs except Shirts, and both industry members, Thomas Fox and Katharina Meier
Shared the detailed budget outline Google Doc and went over the personnel who would be involved and their distribution across different locations, $ amounts, etc.</description>
    </item>
    
  </channel>
</rss>